## Conversion from Infix to Postfix

Infix: A + B * C ⇒ A + (B * C) ⇒ A + (BC * ) ⇒ A(BC * ) + ⇒ ABC * + : Postifx
|-
We have seen how we can do this [manually](https://github.com/andy489/Data_Structures_and_Algorithms_CPP/blob/master/Stack/Evaluation%20of%20Prefix%20and%20Postfix%20expressions.md). To convert an infix expression to postfix, we apply operator precedence, and associativity rules. We can use this logic in a program also, but it will not be very efficient and the implementation will be also somewhat complex.

Is there an simple and efficient algorithm in which we can parse the infix expression only once from left to right and create the postfix expression? If you can see in infix to postfix conversion, the positions of operands and operators may change but the order in which operands occur from left to right will not change. *The order of operators may change*. This is an important observation. The both infix and postfix forms in the above example, the order of operands as we go from left to right is first we have A, then we have B and then we have C. But the order of operators is different. In infix, first we have addition and then multiplication. In postfix, first we have multiplication and then we have addition. *In postfix form we will always have the operators in the same order, in which they should be executed*. We are going to perform the above conversion once again but this time we are going to use a different logic. What we will do is, we will parse the infix expression from left to right. So, we will go from left to right, looking at each token that will either be an operand or an operator. In the expression we will start at A. A is an operand. If it's an operand we can simply append it in the postfix string or expression that we are trying to create. At least for A it should be very clear that there is nothing that can come before A. So, the first rule is that if it's an operand, we can simply put it in the postfix expression.
