## Graph Data Structure

Graph is a non-linear data structure that has got its application in a wide number of scenarios in computer science. It is used to model and represent a variety of systems. We will first study graph as a mathematical and logical model. A graph just like tree is a collection of objects or entities that we call nodes or vertices, connected to each other through a set of edges. But in a tree connections are bound to be in a certain way. In a tree there are rules dictating the connection among the nodes. In a tree with N nodes, we must have exactly N-1 edges. One edge for each parent-child relationship. As we know, an edge is for a parent-child relationship and all nodes in a tree except the root node would have exactly one parent. In a tree all nodes must be reachable from the root and there must be exactly one possible path from root to a node. Now in a graph there are no rules dictating the connection among the nodes. A graph contains a set of nodes and a set of edges and edges can be connecting nodes in any possible way. *Tree is only a special king of graph.* Graph as a concept has been studied extensively in mathematics (discrete mathematics). In computer science we basically study and implement the same concept of graph from mathematics. The study of graph is often referred to as graph theory. IN pure mathematical terms we can define graph in the following way.

#### Graph:
A graph **G** is an ordered pair of a set **V** of vertices and a set **E** of edges. **G=(V,E)**.
